docs/db1.md, before:

---
id: db1
title: Dashboard
sidebar_label: Dashboard
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

## Navigation Menu

To get started, the first thing to do while familiarising yourself with the GECKO system is to explore the navigation menu that can help you navigate anywhere in the system and perform tasks. It's a scrollable menu which can be hidden using the hamburger menu as a 'toggle menu on/off' button. 

## First half of Dashboard Section

Full screen option icon
<img alt="On Signup" src={useBaseUrl('img/fullScreen.png')}/>

User icon with a dropdown 
<img alt="On Signup" src={useBaseUrl('img/userIcon.png')}/>

‘Open Tasks’ - Number of tasks an individual user is working on 

Number of ‘Completed Tasks’

Allows you to create a New Project/fund

Manage fund Categories, Workflows and Users assigned to a project

Filter by project function - Filtering ‘Tasks by project’. i.e. Centralised / birds eye view     depending on your permission level and tasks that have to be completed for each stage of      the process / workflow based on the traffic light system.

We can use the drop-down menu to select a specific project to oversee the exact projects         that you are permissioned to work on. Presented as a pie chart we can see the number of          tasks that are **In Progress**, **Completed** and **Overdue**.
<img alt="Dashboard" src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboard.png')}/>

Commit message:

🆕 updated made in docs report section left and not added the docs to new features

docs/db1.md, after:

---
id: db1
title: Dashboard Overview
sidebar_label: Dashboard Overview
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

## Navigation Menu

To get started, the first thing to do while familiarising yourself with the GECKO platform is to explore the navigation menu and work your way around the different areas of functionality.

It’s a scrollable menu that can be hidden using the hamburger menu as a toggle ‘menu on/off’ button. 

## Main Dashboard


**Open Tasks** - Number of open tasks on the platform. Task visibility is based on user permissions.

**Completed Tasks** - Number of complete tasks on the platform. Task visibility is based on user permissions.

**Create** a New Project / Fund.

**Manage** fund Categories, Workflows and Users.

**Filter** by Project -   R.A.G Rating (Red, Amber, Green) piechart aggregation, filtering on Task Status within a specified Fund or Project. i.e. A centralised, birdseye view of tasks that are Complete, In Progress or Overdue. Task visibility is based on user permissions.

<img alt="Dashboard" src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboard.png')}/>


## Activities Pie Chart

You can hover your mouse over the pie chart to view the number of tasks Overdue, In Progress and Completed. Click on the pie chart to be brought to the underlying details of the activities.

E.g. If you select ‘Overdue’, you are directed to the ‘Activity’ page, where you can view the details of all tasks which currently have their status’ marked as overdue. In our example we have 2 overdue tasks. You can action them on the right-hand side column. You can also use the filter function or search functionality to look for tasks within a project and their status.
